Welcome to Go Home, our first section where we're actually really going to get
stuck into making something! In this section what are we going to do, Ben? Well, by the end if it we'll be
making this game here that we're showing you now, which is a simple but powerful game
that let's you play with vectors, to try to work out, You start off lost
and workout where home is, so that's what we're going to be doing. And what do they learning,
Sam? So, through this process you're going to be learning about the basics of
C#, which is an industry standard programming language, very super useful.
And what else? And also vector math, more vector math,
Over here in the UK, and that's very fundamental to virtual reality game
designs. So, the game combines C# and vector math, so that's the main thing.
In this section we're going to be focusing primarily on the code and doing
the minimal possible in Unity; that will be for later sections, so
why are we doing that, Ben? Well, we just want you to be comfortable with what a lot of people, especially beginners,
find the hardest thing about Unity and programming and game development in general, which is
the coding. So, we want you to put the hardest thing first to get it out of the way! Aren't we mean?
Mean? Mean, mean indeed! And so
I'm really looking forward to seeing you in this section and seeing the work you come up
with. So let's dive right in. See you there!